Assignment 3.4, Issue #42 (#78)
UWC2-APIDOC/to-do-service-sp25: assignments/markdown_lyerdev.md

# Pros and Cons of Markdown

This topic will focus on specifically addressing any functional pros or cons of Markdown, along with a demonstration of various Markdown features throughout. 

## The Pros

> Markdown's freedom of formatting is unrivaled by comparable content management systems (CMS), providing any desired formatting in its core components. By adding **bolded** and _italicized_ formatting with Markdown, there should be no concerns of import errors upon pulling these resources into a publishing tool designed to ingest the notation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Markdown's freedom of formatting is unrivaled by comparable content management systems (CMS), providing any desired formatting in its core components.
By adding **bold** and _italicized_ formatting with Markdown, there should be no concerns of import errors upon pulling these resources into a publishing tool designed to ingest the notation.
```
Word change and line to start each sentence on a new line (see comment below).

> ### Additional positives of Markdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional positives of Markdown

```
Blank lines after headings and around lists and code blocks help prevent markdown processors from losing their place.

1. In-topic linking without the need of a related links table
2. Inline image support

> 3. Directly supported code blocks and syntax highlighting. The example below is taken from GitHub's [Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. This example from GitHub's [Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) shows code blocks and syntax highlighting.:
```
Shorter and removes passive voice.

```javascript
var s = "JavaScript syntax highlighting";
alert(s);
```

## The Cons

> By working in Markdown, you limit yourself to the bare essentials of documentation. The base functionality of formatting and configuration in Markdown doesn't have any room for expansion. This leaves writers with a limited scope of tools to use and forces documentation written in Markdown to be simple and uninteresting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By working in Markdown, you limit yourself to the bare essentials of documentation.
The base functionality of formatting and configuration in Markdown doesn't have any room for expansion.
This leaves writers with a limited scope of tools to use and forces documentation written in Markdown to be simple and uninteresting.
```
Starting each sentence in a new line makes it easier to track edits in the future. If you don't put a new line between the sentences, they'll render in the same paragraph. If you put a new line between the sentences, you'll start a new paragraph in the rendered document.

> ### Additional negatives of Markdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional negatives of Markdown

```
See similar change above.

1. Lack of document control and reuse
2. Difficult to create a information architecture

---

This topic is inteded to complete Assignment 3.4, issue #42 for the Spring 2025, APIDOC 310 course at the University of Washington.

> ![alt text](https://styles.redditmedia.com/t5_2skd8/styles/communityIcon_9rdnq12tkzm01.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![alt text](https://styles.redditmedia.com/t5_2skd8/styles/communityIcon_9rdnq12tkzm01.png)

```
Markdown files should end with a blank line. I'm not sure exactly why, but I think it helps the parser wrap things up.
